clarify requirements for GLSM connections and MR comments (#1797)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-appsec-platform/gitlab-mr-comments.md

1. In GitLab, go to [<i class="fas fa-external-link fa-xs"></i> Profile > Access Tokens](https://gitlab.com/-/profile/personal_access_tokens), and then add a token with `api` scope.
1. Copy the token created in the previous step.

Once you have a GitLab PAT, you can provide it to Semgrep through [Semgrep AppSec Platform's **<i class="fa-solid fa-gear"></i> Settings > Source Code Managers** tab](/deployment/connect-scm#gitlab-cloud). This tab is a central location that makes it easy for your teams to access and rotate the token if necessary. This is the recommended method, though there are two other options for providing your PAT to Semgrep:

> - In the [Network Broker configuration file](/semgrep-ci/network-broker#configure-semgrep-network-broker): If the Gitlab user requires a PAT, you can set a dummy token and assign the PAT in the Network Broker configuration file.

Reviewer: I know this line didn't change, but as I was reading through to get the experience of the whole doc, I realized I don't know what "If the GitLab user requires a PAT" means here. What are we trying to express with that?

Author: I changed this line a bit, because the intent was to say that people could provide their token here and manage it locally

Reviewer: yep the new one looks good, ty!

For more configuration options, see [GitLab CI Sample](/semgrep-ci/sample-ci-configs#gitlab-cicd).
</details>

> #### MR comments with multiple GitLab groups

Author: Changing this callout to a section so I can link to it

> If you're using Semgrep with multiple GitLab groups, ensure that you've completed the following steps to ensure that you see MR comments for repositories associated with all of your groups:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Semgrep with multiple GitLab groups, ensure that you've completed the following steps to see MR comments for repositories associated with each of your groups:
```

> If you're using Semgrep with multiple GitLab groups, ensure that you've completed the following steps to ensure that you see MR comments for repositories associated with all of your groups:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using [Semgrep with multiple GitLab groups](/deployment/connect-scm#gitlab-cloud), ensure that you've completed the following steps to ensure that you see MR comments for repositories associated with all of your groups:
```

Why **do** we recommend setting up a connection **per** GitLab group?

Reviewer: It's the most reliable way to make sure we have access to and necessary metadata for the repos in the group, basically.

> 1. **Required for users with GitLab self-managed plans and *optional* for users with GitLab Cloud plans:** Create a Semgrep account connection with each GitLab group by signing in to your Semgrep account, navigating to **Settings > Source code managers**, and adding an entry for each group. Note that you only need to add an entry for the parent group to onboard a parent group and all of its subgroups. 

Author: @s-santillan do you think this is too much boldface type?

Reviewer 2: I think it's okay!

Reviewer 2: Why would someone with a GitLab cloud plan opt to do this?

> 1. **Required for users with GitLab self-managed plans and *optional* for users with GitLab Cloud plans:** Create a Semgrep account connection with each GitLab group by signing in to your Semgrep account, navigating to **Settings > Source code managers**, and adding an entry for each group. Note that you only need to add an entry for the parent group to onboard a parent group and all of its subgroups. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Required for users with GitLab self-managed plans and *optional* for users with GitLab Cloud plans:** Create a Semgrep source code connection with each GitLab group by signing in to your Semgrep account, navigating to **Settings > Source code managers**, and adding an entry for each group. Note that you only need to add an entry for the parent group to onboard a parent group and all of its subgroups.
```

Reviewer: I don't know if "source code connection" is ideal here, but "account connection" sounds strange to me.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we can use source code manager (SCM) connection? We use the term "connect/connection" in the Settings UI itself, and the tab is named **Source code managers**. See: https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/settings/source-code
